---
title: "Custom Change Event Integration Guide"
description: "Push change events from your own systems to Flashduty using standard protocols. Most incidents are caused by changes, and the correlation between changes and alerts helps quickly identify incident causes."
date: "2024-05-11T10:00:00+08:00"
url: "https://docs.flashcat.cloud/en/flashduty/custom-change-integration-guide"
---

Push change events from your own systems to Flashduty using standard protocols. Most incidents are caused by changes, and the correlation between changes and alerts helps quickly identify incident causes.

:::tips
Flashduty has already adapted webhook protocols for several commonly used ticketing and deployment systems. For these systems, you should first use their corresponding integrations for simplicity. This integration provides a standard HTTP interface that requires development adaptation. The advantage is that you can integrate with any deployment system.
:::

## Steps
---

### In Flashduty

  1. Go to the Flashduty console, select **Integration Center=>Change Events** to enter the integration selection page.
  2. Select **Custom Events** integration:
        - **Integration Name**: Define a name for the current integration.
  3. Click **Save** and copy the newly generated **push URL** for later use.
  4. Done.


## Implementation Protocol
--- 

Please refer to the [Developer Documentation](https://developer.flashcat.cloud/en/flashduty/custom-change) to complete the protocol development.

## Best Practices
---

Labels are descriptions of events. You should enrich label content as much as possible, such as:
1. The scope of changes, like host, cluster, etc.
1. Change ownership information, such as team, owner, etc.

## FAQ
---

<details>
  <summary>Why haven't I received changes in Flashduty?</summary>

  #### In Flashduty
  
  1. Check if the integration shows **Latest Event Time**? If not, it means Flashduty hasn't received any pushes, prioritize checking your system first.

  #### In Your System

  1. Confirm that your request URL exactly matches the URL in the integration details.
  2. Verify that your service can access the internet domain api.flashcat.cloud. If not, you need to enable internet access for your server or specifically allow access to Flashduty's domain.
  3. Print the response from Flashduty service to check for any specific messages.

  If you still can't identify the root cause after following these steps, please contact us with the **request_id** from the request response.
    
</details>

