---
title: "Harbor Alert Events"
description: "Sync Harbor alert events to Flashduty via webhook for automated alert noise reduction"
date: "2024-07-05T10:00:00+08:00"
url: "https://docs.flashcat.cloud/en/flashduty/volcengine-tls-integration-guide"
---

Sync Harbor alert events to Flashduty via webhook for automated alert noise reduction.

<div class="hide">

## In Flashduty
---
You can obtain an integration push URL through either of these two methods:

### Using Private Integration

Choose this method when you don't need to route alert events to different channels - it's simpler.

<details>
  <summary>Expand</summary>
  
  1. Go to the Flashduty console, select **Channel**, and enter a channel's details page
  2. Select the **Integrations** tab, click **Add Integration** to enter the integration page
  3. Choose **Harbor** integration and click **Save** to generate a card
  4. Click the generated card to view the **Push URL**, copy it for later use, and you're done
  
</details>

### Using Shared Integration

Choose this method when you need to route alerts to different channels based on the alert event payload.

<details>
  <summary>Expand</summary>
  
  1. Go to the Flashduty console, select **Integration Center=>Alert Events** to enter the integration selection page
  2. Select **Harbor** integration:
        - **Integration Name**: Define a name for this integration
  3. Configure the default route and select the corresponding channel (after the integration is created, you can go to `Route` to configure more routing rules)
  4. Click **Save** and copy the newly generated **push URL** for later use
  5. Done
    
</details>
</div>

## In Harbor
---

### Configure Webhooks

1. Log in to the Harbor interface with an account that has at least project administrator privileges.
2. Go to `Projects`, select a project, and select `Webhooks`.
3. Select notify type `HTTP`, so the webhook will be send to a HTTP endpoint.
4. Select payload format as `Default or CloudEvents` when choose the HTTP notify type.
5. Select events that you want to subscribe.
6. Enter the alert integration's <span class='integration_url'>PUSH URL</span> in the Endpoint URL field.
7. Click Add to create the webhook.

## Severity Mapping
---

Currently, all alerts pushed to Flashduty through the Harbor integration are set to Warning severity. However, you can customize the severity using the [alert pipeline](https://docs.flashcat.cloud/en/flashduty/alert-pipelines).

