---
title: "Feishu Alert Integration"
description: "Generate a unique Feishu robot address in Flashduty, and synchronize the occurrence and recovery of alerts through Feishu"
date: "2025-05-19T10:00:00+08:00"
url: "https://docs.flashcat.cloud/en/flashduty/Feishu-alert-integration-guide"
---

Generate a unique Feishu robot address in Flashduty, and synchronize the occurrence and recovery of alerts through Feishu.

<div class="hide">

## Operation Steps
---

### Create Feishu Alert Integration

You can obtain a Feishu alert integration address through either of these two methods:

#### Using Dedicated Integration

Choose this method when you don't need to route alert events to different channels. It's simpler and recommended.

<details>
  <summary>Expand</summary>
  
  1. Go to the Flashduty console, select **Channel**, and enter a specific channel's details page
  2. Select the **Integration** tab, click **Add Integration** to enter the integration page
  3. Choose **Feishu Alert** integration and click **Save** to generate a card
  4. Click the generated card to view the **Feishu Alert Integration URL**, copy it for later use, and you're done
    
</details>

#### Using Shared Integration

Choose this method when you need to route alerts to different channels based on the alert event's payload information.

<details>
  <summary>Expand</summary>
  
  1. Go to the Flashduty console, select **Integration Center => Alert Events** to enter the integration selection page
  2. Select **Feishu Alert** integration:
        - **Integration Name**: Define a name for the current integration
        - **Message Type**: Select Feishu alert message type, currently only Text and Markdown are supported
        - **Push Mode**: Choose when to trigger or recover alerts for Feishu notifications
  3. Copy the **Feishu Alert Integration URL** for later use
  4. Configure the default route and select the corresponding channel (after integration creation, you can go to `Routes` to configure more routing rules)
  5. Done
    
</details>
</div>

### Customize Feishu Alert Integration

#### Feishu Alert Integration URL

The system will generate a unique Feishu alert integration URL for you. This URL is compatible with Feishu robot message protocol. When platforms only support Feishu robot channels, you can use this URL to receive corresponding messages.

#### Push Mode

By default, the system always creates new alerts for each message, but you can switch to these modes:

1. **Trigger or Update Alert Based on Message Title**: In this mode, when receiving a new message, the system searches for open alerts based on the message title. If an alert is found, it will be updated; otherwise, a new alert will be triggered.
2. **Trigger or Close Alert Based on Rules**: In this mode, when receiving a new message, the system matches messages according to your rules and triggers new alerts or closes existing alerts based on the matching results.

   - You need to fill in at least one **trigger** rule
   - You must set up regex extraction rules for Alert Key. The system uses this field to find historical alerts for updates or closure. **If regex extraction fails, the system will use the message title to generate an Alert Key** to ensure alerts won't be lost due to configuration errors
   - You can choose whether to discard messages when none of the rules match

   Configuration example:

   - Receive all messages, close the alert when the message content contains **RESOLVED**, otherwise trigger a new alert
   - Extract Alert Key from message title using the rule **/(.*)/**.


### Notes
- Feishu alert integration URL only supports Text and post message types; other message types cannot be received
- When Feishu message type is Text, Flashduty will generate a default alert title "Feishu Alert"

## Severity Mapping
---

Currently, all alerts pushed to Flashduty through Feishu Alert integration are set to Warning severity.

