---
title: "Cloudflare Alert Events"
description: "Sync Cloudflaret alert events to Flashduty via webhook for automated alert noise reduction"
date: "2024-07-05T10:00:00+08:00"
url: "https://docs.flashcat.cloud/en/flashduty/Cloudflare-integration-guide"
---

Sync Cloudflare alert events to Flashduty via webhook for automated alert noise reduction.

<div class="hide">

## In Flashduty
---
You can obtain an integration push URL through either of these two methods:

### Using Private Integration

Choose this method when you don't need to route alert events to different channels - it's simpler.

<details>
  <summary>Expand</summary>
  
  1. Go to the Flashduty console, select **Channel**, and enter a channel's details page
  2. Select the **Integrations** tab, click **Add Integration** to enter the integration page
  3. Choose **Cloudflare** integration and click **Save** to generate a card
  4. Click the generated card to view the **Push URL**, copy it for later use, and you're done
  
</details>

### Using Shared Integration

Choose this method when you need to route alerts to different channels based on the alert event payload.

<details>
  <summary>Expand</summary>
  
  1. Go to the Flashduty console, select **Integration Center=>Alert Events** to enter the integration selection page
  2. Select **Cloudflare** integration:
        - **Integration Name**: Define a name for this integration
  3. Configure the default route and select the corresponding channel (after the integration is created, you can go to `Route` to configure more routing rules)
  4. Click **Save** and copy the newly generated **push URL** for later use
  5. Done
    
</details>
</div>


## In Cloudflare
---

<div class="md-block">

## 一、Create Notification Object
1. Log in to the `Cloudflare dashboard` and select your account.
2. Go to `Notifications` > `Destinations`.
3. In the `Webhooks` card, select Create.
4. In the edit page, enter Flashduty as the name and fill in the <span class='integration_url'>push URL</span> for the alert integration in the URL field.
5. Select `Save and Test` to finish setting up your webhook.

After configuring the Webhook channel, you can use it in notification policies.

</dev>

## 二、Status Mapping

<div class="md-block">

Currently, all alerts pushed to Flashduty through the Cloudflare integration are set to Warning severity. However, you can customize the severity using the [alert pipeline](https://docs.flashcat.cloud/en/flashduty/alert-pipelines).

</div>

